hey folks welcome to another podcast
from the zebra lounge with Micah and
Andrew I'm Mike and we're talking about
that Cubs rotation never too cold to
talk Cubs baseball a lot of money being
thrown around still for the Chicago Cubs
with lily and Marquis coming to town
looks like we really got a nice rotation
building here I really nice walk-in so
10 it looks like the Cubs have a
starting 10 rotation yeah but you know
10 12 guys who could start my question
you today guys is who is your starting
five for the Chicago Cubs if you could
pick it who would you start not
including bucko hurry says it all
vintage Zambrano's obviously you number
one right you might head straight for me
well I'll make them wait a heavy number
two well you gotta figure lily and
marquis you're gonna get their share it
starts so maybe my question is who are
the other two guys we're going to take
that I'm not a key Marquis sucks weekend
killed it was it in editing the playoffs
put a carnival last year in Jason
Michael Porter life dr. roster easier it
was over six the Cubs find something
they can fix in him and now he's an
automatic starter but seven million
dollars gives you a whole lot of reasons
to give him a shot and I think you're
conjuring a forged bed issue yeah they
are gonna put you this she's gonna pitch
yes I mean I have sadly like you know
resigned myself to that fact Jason
Marquis at least for a while is gonna
pitch and totally he right goes over in
the habit Oh Misha as a guy that's going
to be absolutely I'm excited it's one of
the few things i'm really excited to see
the season out of these cups i'm really
excited to see him university mike
mitchell for my money rich hill is not
going to start the season with the Cubs
I think if Mark Prior gets healthy Wade
Miller and Mark Prior are going to be
the number four and five stars on the
team rich hilly and a great run for you
buddy still you know a little unseasoned
I didn't know what I had like forty-five
pounds bulk to my pecs I'm starting
linebacker for the bear and your brush
but there's no way prior are you that
guy from fight club I am enough done
luckily I feel I think rich hil you die
grass nobody was saying prior and Miller
being a rotation at the same time yeah
that's like you got rich hil once as
soon as one of them gets hurt and
freaking April you're set but I start
off with Miller and prior they're not
gonna be there that are you doing
towel drills in the line
honestly like I can Rich Hill is the
rich man Sean Marcia whose cookie dough
no no no short dude actually he's not
Barry Zito but I think I think he's got
a lot a lot of potential sex because
you're spending money like they want to
win now and potential doesn't do much
for wanting to win now its results and I
think the best guys for that job or
prior and no lies no it was over six
last year you won one game so is Jesse
Marquis shoot ha to run right here
here's my five Zambrano Lily Marquis
prior and what's his nuts bill a bill
irwin are the guy with the giant gin
joint that's that good only that's right
I'll go with you with emraan with your
number one for this year until they have
to pay him 27 million dollars make sure
that's a story for another time yeah
tableau has got to be too I'm rich knows
my number three mark he's got a battle
first but I don't care he's got money
coming to him maybe get pinch-hit he
could never eat it or treat him as ever
on oh wow that's right i am gonna derby
of the heritage right now is number five
Number five I would be I guess if I'm
those two guys can stay healthy I'll
give prior can't otherwise Sean Marshall
yeah okay with Mike actually maestro
Marshall hate him I think he's garbage
real dad to buy the whole state that's a
violent picture it was seven my mom's
got a pretty good ceiling but my kid
just got a long wind coca as a fifth
starter if we're back to the you know
Miller and briar are pitching we're
screwed anyway priors gonna win 15 games
this year I'm hoping for eyebrows
but I don't say hey you know if you
weren't around in 2003 I'm sorry one
next time years ago right but no I got
very good 2012 in my kids now he's still
young he's gonna get it done this is
gonna be a big time I'll but I'm hopeful
it's going to be a research in time for
mark I don't say this if anyone gets
injured you can always call to royals
and trade for Gomez oh that's a real
tradable contract Oh Lord so reporting
from the shite on daily doze it looks
like the Cubs that rotation is set but
we're probably going to go out and get
45 more middle of the line pictures
anyway so for my commander I'm Mike
saying thanks for the good time cups